You are so pretty.
Thank you.
Pretty, pretty, pretty,
pretty, pretty...
Okay, okay, okay, pretty man
trying to drive a car here.
How did you get more drunk
since we left the party?
Well... I brought a roadie.
Where did you get that?
My purse.
Hmm. Your purse.
Oh, no, it spilled!
Oh!
Do you want some?
No. You-you need
to get rid of that drink.
Fine... Mr. Man.
Oops!
Okay.
I think it's time to get Stacey
home and under the covers.
I think it's time to get
Walden home and under Stacey.
That's not going to happen.
Boo!
Maybe another time.
Yay!
I think I'm gonna take a little
nap before we get there.
Okay.
I'm so hungry.
You'll be home soon, and then...
Whoa, that-that
is not food.
Are you sure
you don't want to stay, 'cause
we could have sex?
You've made that
abundantly clear.
Uh, but no, thank you.
And to have sex with me,
you need to be able
to stand on one leg
and touch your nose.
Ooh.
Nope.
Okay, let's...
Ooh! Mojito.
Okay, let's-let's
get you inside safe and sound.
Yum.
Mm?
Hello.
Hi, Nana.
Look, this is
my new friend Wal...
It's actually pronounced
"Walden."
♪ Men, men, men, men, manly men,
men, men ♪
♪ Ah.
♪ Men.
♪ Two and a Half Men 10x23 ♪
Cows, Prepare to Be Tipped
Original Air Date on May 9, 2013
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
♪ Men. ♪
She's asleep.
Her head's in the toilet,
but she's asleep.
I just... I just wanted
to say I'm sorry.
I'm not the kind of guy
who brings home a drunk girl.
I mean, I did bring her home,
but not to, you know,
bring her home. I...
We met at this video game
release party,
and we started drinking
and talking.
As it turns out, she was doing
more of the drinking,
and I was doing
more of the talking.
And here I am, still talking.
Hi. I'm Walden Schmidt.
Nice to meet
you, Walden.
Linda Pearson.
Thank you for helping
my granddaughter.
Your... You do not look
like you're old enough
to have a granddaughter.
The unexpected benefit
of being a slut at 18.
And having a daughter
who followed suit.
And, you know, from
the looks of it,
Stacey is, uh, going to carry
on the proud family tradition.
Some families hand down recipes.
I appreciate you
being a gentleman.
Sure. You know,
I was... I was looking
at these photos.
They're amazing. Who took these?
Oh, I did.
You took all of these?
Yeah, I'm a
photographer. In fact,
this is pretty much a record of
the last 40 years of my life.
Well, hold on.
In this one,
these guys are aiming their
machine guns at the camera,
which means they're aiming
their machine guns at you.
Yeah, I was on
assignment, and, uh,
I needed a photo of
Nicaraguan Contras,
and I guess nobody told
their elite death squad
it was picture day.
Wow.
That's what I said when
they came over the hill.
But it had a lot
more Fs in it.
Thi-This is a picture
of Warren Beatty
and Jack Nicholson.
Yeah, I-I took some more photos
in the Jacuzzi later,
but, uh, I can't display those.
Yeah, and that's, um, the
Berlin Wall coming down,
and-and that's
Tiananmen Square,
and this is a dachshund
in a hot dog bun.
You're really talented.
You're really sweet.
Okay, yeah, I've taken up
enough of your time.
I'm gonna get out
of your way now.
Oh, you're not in my way.
I was just going to make a cup
of tea and smoke a joint.
Really?
Yeah. Uh, you want to join me?
That's my idea
of baking with Grandma.
Dad? Walden?
Jake?
This is a surprise.
So is this.
What's on your face?
Oh, uh, now that I'm back
in the dating pool,
I want to look my best.
Oh. It's not working.
So, what-what are
you doing home?
Oh, I got a few days pass,
you know, thought
I'd come surprise you,
spend some time together.
That's great.
Wait a second.
Are you in trouble? Is somebody
pregnant? Do you need money?
No, no, and always.
Thing is, I'm gonna be
going away for a while.
Damn it, I forgot jail.
Not jail. Japan.
Japan?
Yeah. They needed an extra cook
at the base over there,
so I volunteered.
Really? Why?
Why not?
I love Benihana.
Oh-oh, my God.
W-When do you leave?
Two weeks.
Wait. Two weeks?!
So-so this is probably
the last time
I'm going to see you
for a while.
Yeah, I guess, unless you're
willing to make the drive.
So Nixon stands on the
helicopter steps, right,
and he does this,
and I take the picture
and I am so excited
that I don't even notice
Strom Thurmond's hand
is on my ass.
So, what did you do?
I became a lifelong Democrat.
Wow. You've seen
some incredible things.
Oh, well, you can get into
some pretty amazing places
with a camera, a press
pass, and no bra.
Okay, I'm gonna stop
wearing a bra.
You know, it's-it's nice
to have someone to talk to.
Stacey thinks Nicaragua is a
gum you chew to stop smoking.
She also thinks Mount Rushmore
is a natural phenomenon.
It's not?
Oh, man.
I should really get going.
Oh, but before you go,
you have to do something for me.
Every person I meet
poses for the same picture.
Oh, I would be honored.
Great. Okay, now,
stand by that wall.
Okay.
Yeah, and, uh,
give me a great big smile.
Now drop your
pants and moon me.
What?
That's the picture
I take of everyone.
Okay, I'm still gonna moon you.
So how long is
your tour of duty?
And, yes, I know
I said "duty."
Uh, a year, but if I do
really well, it could be longer.
Okay, so a year.
Hey.
Hey, Walden.
What are you
doing home?
Oh, just visiting.
He's being
transferred to Japan.
Oh, what? That's amazing!
I mean, I'll miss you,
but what a great opportunity.
It's a beautiful country,
gorgeous women,
one step closer
to having this house to myself.
Yeah, the only thing
I'm worried about is,
they still haven't found
Godzilla.
How-how was the party?
Oh, it was great.
I-I met this really hot
22-year-old girl
and spent the whole night
talking to her grandma.
Oh, yeah, "talking
to her grandma."
I know what that means.
Do you?
Are you kidding?
Whenever I wear my uniform out,
all the ladies let me talk
to their grandma.
I'm just gonna talk to you.
Wait, wait.
So, uh, you met
this hot 22-year-old,
but you spent the night talking
to her grandmother?
That's like going to the
International House of Pancakes
and ordering a bowl of dust.
Okay, clearly, I can't talk
to either of you.
No. No, seriously. Why?
Well, I'm sick of dating
these goofy, shallow girls
that all have a tiny dog
in their purse.
All right,
"tiny dog in their purse."
I'm missing you less and less.
She's really interesting.
Is she like a rapping granny
or something?
Stop talking!
Well, she's smart and funny,
and she's had all
these incredible experiences.
There's just one problem.
What? She can't drive at night?
No. If I want
to see Linda again,
I got to see Stacey again,
and if, if I see her,
she's gonna want
to have sex with me.
Could you ask Walden
why that's a problem?
This is nice, huh?
Yes, it is.
In a truly weird way.
There's nothing weird
about three people
having dinner together.
It is when two of them
are on a date.
Oh, come on. We
want you here.
Isn't that right, Stacey?
Huh?
Yeah. Totes.
Well, in that case,
I'm totes glad to be here.
So, are-are you into
photography, too?
Oh, yeah,
I take tons of selfies!
♪ Instagram!
So, how did you two wind up
living together?
Ugh. She's my grandma. Duh.
Stacey's looking
for a job out here.
She just graduated
from Arizona State.
Oh, wow. What
was your major?
Communications.
You know, I've always wondered,
what is that exactly?
Well... it's kind of hard
to put into words.
I mean, you know,
it's, like, talking and stuff.
Uh-huh.
120 grand.
Ooh.
Hey, are we gonna
have sex tonight?
There's that
communications degree at work.
I hadn't really thought
about it.
'Cause, if not, I just got
invited to a killer party.
Well, I-I wouldn't want
to keep you if...
Great. My friends are gonna
swing by and pick me up.
Okay. Do-do you want
to eat something first?
Oh, God, no.
I hate drinking
on a full stomach.
In fact, I'm gonna go throw up
and make a little room.
Pretty sure she's going
to live with me forever.
I got one of those.
I think pizza's the thing
I'm gonna miss the most
when I go to Japan.
Really? Pizza?
Yeah. Well, that and sushi.
Okay. You know what?
This is ridiculous.
I mean, you're-you're
gonna be gone for a year,
and we're sitting
here watching
Dancing with the
Freakin' Stars.
Well, do you want to watch
Hillbilly Gynecologist?
No. No, I don't want
to watch anything.
I want to do something.
Hey, hey, what do you say
we go on a father-son
road trip?
Okay. Can we go to Vegas?
Uh, well, that would be great
except you're not old enough
to drink or gamble.
Right. I don't drink.
Oh, uh, you know
what we could do?
We could see beloved Canadian
songbird Celine Dion.
She is to die for.
Dad?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna be going away
for a while.
If there's anything you need
to tell me, now's the time.
Well, thank you
very much for dinner.
You know, I was really impressed
that you ordered in Italian.
Grazie, signora. Molto bene.
It would've been more impressive
if we'd been
in an Italian restaurant, but...
I had a great time tonight.
Oh, I did, too. Yeah.
Whoa.
Look.
You are a wonderful
young man, but...
I have a rule.
I never kiss anyone
who started the night
on a date with my granddaughter.
A rule?
So this has happened before?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So, what do you think?
If we take this route,
we can be at the Grand Canyon
by sunrise tomorrow.
Pretty awesome, huh?
Yeah. You know what
else is awesome?
The Bunny Ranch.
We are not going
to a whorehouse,
we're going
to the Grand Canyon.
There's a girl
at the Bunny Ranch
they call the Grand Canyon.
Morning.
Hey, Walden, we're going
on a father-son trip.
Do you want to come?
Jake!
What? I want it to be fun.
I can't. I'm still
sorting things out
with Linda and Stacey.
Oh, right. The grandma-
granddaughter thing.
You know, if you get
the mom in there,
they'll bronze
your johnson.
I am so glad you're a cook,
not a sniper.
So, Japan, huh?
Yeah, the Big Apple.
Have a fun road trip.
I'm gonna miss this.
Give me a hug.
Thanks for everything, Berta.
You take care of
yourself, Taterhead.
Are you crying?
Nah.
Don't worry,
you'll still have my dad.
Now I'm crying.
Hi.
Hi. Um, hmm...
Well, this is a little awkward.
Um, Stacey's actually
out on a date.
Oh, no. I'm devastated.
I don't think I should be alone.
Look, I'm very flattered,
but I think
we covered this last night.
I brought weed.
Oh, honey, that's not weed.
Come on in.
And stop looking at my ass.
Got it.
Isn't this great?
The Harper boys,
on the road.
Mothers, lock up
your daughters.
Cows, prepare
to be tipped.
Since when do you tip?
That's witty banter.
Best thing about a road trip.
Yeah, yeah.
That and joking around.
Can I tell you
something?
Of course.
Back when you and Mom broke up,
I thought it was your fault,
and I was kind of mad at you
for a long time.
Oh, Jake, well, it was...
very complicated. You know,
a lot of things got said...
Yeah, well, let me finish.
Then Mom married Herb
and then broke up with him,
so now I'm thinking
maybe it wasn't all you.
Well, I appreciate that.
But I'm not gonna say anything
bad about your mother.
But you're hoping
I will, right?
Oh, absolutely.
So, after I dropped out
of college,
me and my buddy developed
this software, and we sold it
for, like, a stupid amount
of money.
And then I lost half of it
in my divorce,
so then I developed some more
software and made it all back,
and I am really freaking high.
I feel like I've been talking
for over a year.
You kind of have.
So, what do you do now?
A lot of this.
Oh, Walden.
You did yo life backwards.
Yeah. You're
supposed to spend
your youth ad-adventurizing.
A-And then you go into business.
Wait. You said "adventurizing."
That's not even a word.
It is now. I just...
inventorized it.
No, I mean it.
I mean it. You...
you need to find something...
exciting in your life.
Like what?
Have you ever been chased
by a lion in the Serengeti?
No. But one time
I got in a slap fight
with the guy who plays Simba
at Disneyland.
That counts.
H-Have you ever been
at a voodoo ritual in Haiti?
Or-or-or panned for gold
in the Yukon?
Or...
made out with Buzz Aldrin?
Ooh, do I want to make out
with Buzz Aldrin?
Oh, yeah.
You need to find
that thing in your life
that you're afraid to do
and then you
just... do it.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Mmm.
Oh, wow.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no. This is...
This one's on me. Um...
No, I haven't been with anybody
since my divorce,
and that was three years ago.
Well, how is that possible?
You're a beautiful woman.
No, I was a mess. I...
I was faithful to one man
for over 30 years, and...
unfortunately he was only
faithful for six months and...
...not in a row.
Well, he is an idiot
for philanderizing.
What are you doing
here, Walden?
You're-you're
handsome and young and rich,
and, you know, you can have
any woman you want.
That is what I'm doing here.
Oh, you're good.
Like I said, I...
I haven't been with anyone
for a long time.
I'll go slow.
You misunderstand.
I don't want to go slow.
I want to hurt you.
♪ Men. ♪
These are awesome.
They're the last
of the Charlie Harper Estate.
We were supposed to smoke them
when you graduated college.
I'm really glad
we took this trip.
Me, too.
I can't believe my baby boy
is all grown up and...
headed off to Japan.
Well, tell him to look me up,
'cause I'll be there, too.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm gonna worry about you
every day you're over there.
Don't worry about me.
Worry about the Japanese.
Kidding?
Huh? What?
Hey, I, uh...
I got you a little something.
Whoa. This is
a lot of cash.
Did you rob the 7-Eleven
we stopped at?
More like they robbed me.
Six dollars for a Slim Jim
and a Yoo-hoo? Come on.
No, I've been... putting
a little something away
here and there.
Wow. Thanks.
I wish there was more.
I'm just surprised
that there's any.
Okay, I-I deserve that.
I-I know I wasn't the best dad.
Are you kidding?
We lived at a beach house
my whole life, rent-free.
And then, even
after Uncle Charlie died,
we managed to stay there.
I mean, who else
could have done that?
I did always make sure you
had a roof over your head.
Even if it was
someone else's.
Yeah, you did.
And there were a lot
of hot chicks under that roof.
You don't even want to know how
many times I lost my virginity.
No, I... Yeah, no, I don't.
I guess what I'm trying
to say is,
I wouldn't want anyone else
to be my dad.
Aw.
I wish you hadn't said that.
Why?
Now I got to give you
the rest of the money.
♪ Men. ♪
Oh.
Okay.
So this was
a good idea.
No.
This was a great idea.
Mmm.
And that move you did at the end
there. That's... Yowza.
You can thank Buzz Aldrin
for that one.
It's even better
in zero gravity.
Hello? Nana?
Whoa!
Let me explain.
I'm happy for you.
You should be with an old guy.
♪ Men. ♪
So, what do
you think?
I think, if we can find
a way around this big hole,
we can make it
to the Grand Canyon.
I love you, Jake.
I love you,
too, Dad.
Isn't this majestic?
Yeah. Hey, you know
what else is majestic?
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org